In recent years, I have started pursuing rock climbing and have participated both in indoor and outdoor climbing pursuits and tournaments. I motivated a group of my friends to join Summit Gyms and have formed a circle to enjoy this sport; I'm planning to host a charity tournament soon as well.

#### Sharing some moments of my climbing experience

As I rested on the smooth, slanted rock shelf, 250 feet in the air, I was overwhelmed by the scenery that flooded my vision. For miles and miles, I looked out at a sea of vivid green forestry, completely covering the soft, rolling hills of the Appalachians. As I looked toward the horizon, I was stunned by the brilliant blue gradient of the sky, complete with idyllic white clouds. Here I was, witnessing unforgettable beauty. 

This past summer, my family and I went on a road trip to the Smoky Mountains of North Carolina. Because of my passion for rock climbing, which I grew over the pandemic, I was eager to try real mountain climbing. At 6:00 on a Saturday morning, we drove from our hotel room in Asheville to Pisgah National Forest, a beautiful natural preserve with stunning rock formations. We hiked three miles up to a pluton monolith called Looking Glass Rock - a dome of slippery gray granite that is a treasure trove of classic multi-pitch slab-climbing routes. 

Outdoor slab climbing is a tricky, delicate discipline. Even the easiest routes feature unstable positioning on sheer vertical rock faces and tiny holds as small as coins. Up to this point, I was only an intermediate indoor gym climber; I was accustomed to marked and graded routes with easily visible, maximum-friction holds. Although I was excited to try outdoor climbing, I was also scared by its organic, unmarked aspect. More so than the difficult holds, I was afraid of having to create my own path to the top, adapting at every moment. 

I went through a steep learning curve. On my first few attempts, I treated the 250-foot face like a gym climb, automatically looking for the positions I was used to. Over and over again, my foot slipped and I swung outwards on my harness, much to my frustration. Yet, as I continued to try relentlessly, I slowly grew a feel for the wall and gradually made my way up. One handhold after the other, the ground got farther and farther, but I didn't notice the distance yet. I felt my movements get more fluid and instinctual, and I could visualize my route. 

However, my challenges weren't over yet. Around the midway point, I reached what's called a "crux" - the hardest portion of the route. It was a crescent-shaped disk of granite jutting out to my chest, forming an obstacle that stretched my body and pushed my hips away from the wall. Stuck, I stared at the empty void beneath me in fear as my hands slipped with sweat and my legs ached. I suddenly realized I'd reached over double the height of my climbing gym. My mind was overcome with irrational anxiety and I began to panic. 

Even though I was attached to a rope and belayer that I knew wouldn't fail, I felt afraid. I was too far from my parents, who were watching on the ground, oblivious to my fear. My guide at the top could feel me through the rope, but he was above and I couldn't see him through the blinding sunlight. In that moment, I was alone, and whether I made it to the top was purely my decision. 

Battling my worry and fatigue, I calmed myself down, focusing on slowing my breathing and finding a position to rest. I worked methodically, slowly feeling each of my limbs across the rock to search for the best holds. Every time I got tired, I took some time to recoup, not worried about how long it would take me to reach the top.

After I found the solution - a lateral movement where I could traverse around and above the disk - my apprehension steadily turned into a feeling of accomplishment. The last portion of the route became easier, and I felt strength and purpose in my movements despite the fatigue. 

When I joined my guide at the top, he congratulated me on my first outdoor climb with a high-five. Smiling knowingly, he asked me, "How was the crux down there?" Beaming, I responded, "I was off to a rocky start, but I really learned a lot." He nodded and said, "That's how it goes. You're a real climber now, eh?" As I looked out at the once-in-a-lifetime view of the preserve, I realized I truly was - in more ways than one. I'd superseded the challenges I faced, both physical and mental, and earned a reward I will never forget. 
